The folder contains answers using <b>SWIGGY RESTAURANTS DATASET</b>

<b>A. Window Functions:</b>
1. Create new column containing average rating of restaurants through out the dataset?
2. Create new column containing average rating_count of restaurants through out the dataset?
3. Create new column containing average cost of restaurants through out the dataset?
4.  Create column containing average cost of the city where that specific restaurant is from?
6. Create column containing average cost of the cuisine which that specific restaurant is serving?
7. List the restaurants whose cost is more than the average cost of the restaurants?
8. List the restaurants whose cuisine cost is more than the average cost?

<b>B. RANK(), DENSE_RANK(), & ROW_NUMBER():</b>
1. Rank every restaurant from most expensive to least expensive?
2. Rank every restaurant from most visited to least visited?
3. Rank every restaurant from most expensive to least expensive as per their city?
4. Dense-rank every restaurant from most expensive to least expensive as per their city?
5. Row-number every restaurant from most expensive to least expensive as per their city?
6. Rank every restaurant from most expensive to least expensive as per their city along with its city?
7. Find top 5 restaurants of every city as per their revenue?
8. Find top 5 restaurants of every cuisine as per their revenue?

<b>C. Avanced Window Functions & CTEs:</b>
1. List the top 5 cuisines as per the revenue generated by top 5 restaurants of every cuisine?
2. What is the total revenue  generated by top 1% restaurants?
3. Check the same for top 20% restaurants?
4. What % of revenue is generated by top 20% of restaurants with respect to total revenue?
5. What % of revenue is generated by top 1% of restaurants with respect to total revenue?
6. find the revenue generated by top 10 restaurants as per revenue for each city?

<b>D. Advanced CTEs:</b>
1. How much market of tshirt is captured by roadster?
2. How much market of tshirt is captured by top 5 tshirt brands?


